2008-12-19
Danger

After lunch, there was a strange sound coming from my microwave, and it was really hot.  It didn't look like it was on, but it was definitely running.  

When I opened the door, smoke came rolling out.

I've had the microwave for 15 years, so I'm not terribly surprised that it broke, but because I didn't take notice of it, it caused a fire.

Dangerous.


Collecting information
(forthcoming)


2008-12-12
Sapporo
It's cold.  It was below freezing, even in the middle of the day.  What do you call that?

Dinner
We went to a place called Susukinonoisokane*().  All of the Sapporo Rubyist group had a great time.  Afterwards, I met sumim for the first time.

For some reason Nagata from Junkudo, who I met at RubyKaigi was there too.  Maybe to set up a branch store in Sapporo.

Anyways, food in Hokkaido is great.  So satisfying.  And, I'm glad that I didn't have to eat fast food.

On the way home, I saw a snack bar called "Ruby" in the same building where we were.  

Then I remembered.  I don't know what year, but I'd be building before.  Maybe the same restaurant?  


*すすきのの磯金- maybe a restaurant called isokane, located in a town called susukino?  


2008-12-11
Japan is small

This morning, it's a ruby development meeting in Akihabara. Tonight, it's a visit to the Matsukou Institute to sing Christmas carols.  Tomorrow I go to Sapporo via Tokyo.

I really get the feeling that Japan is small.


2008-12-08
The (Wedding) Reception

In the afternoon, after church, I went to one of the junior worker's wedding reception.

It was a fairly good event.  There isn't a goal at the beginning of a marriage, acquaintanceso I wish them a long happy marriage.

Below are a few good things that I have noticed.

Having professional management makes for a relaxing time.  At a friend's reception recently, his friends and relatives did tons of preperation,  which is great, but...

However, being the main focus can be stressful enough.

Everyone assumes that the husband will make the money, and the wife will tend to the house.  This model can make for a happy marriage when it is agreeable to both parties, but I'm not sure what it is like for dual income relationships.

The company's tradition of soaking the wick of the candle service was not a big hit.*   

The food was great.  It was a feast.

*I don't know what this tradition involves

Business Trip

I have so many meetings this week.  It's the end of the year rush.  

Tokyo, RA Steering committee meeting.
Tokyo, Rakuten Technology Institute meeting.
Technical Research Institute end of the year party.
Ruby Development Training Camp.
Sapporo, Pasona Tech Event

Because of all of this, I have to miss Matsue's Open Source Software Conference.

By the way, in Sapporo, if does anyone want to join me for dinner on Friday?  If not, I'll probably just eat fast food.

2008-12-06

SD Card

When I put the video from RubyConf on my 2 gig SD card, I got a read/write error. After that, the data was gone, and it would not mount.

It seems like the partition table is where the problem is.  fdisk is not returning a broken partition table error.

Maybe the card itself could be broken?  I don't rememeber being that rough with it though.





