2008-10-14

Going to Tokyo.

In the morning, I took the first plane to Tokyo.

For lunch I met with someone from the Nikkei business paper at Suidobashi.  It was about my involvement with ET2008*.

Basically, it seems like I will be talking about open source and other things like that.


IPA*

After that, I went through Akihabara to IPA.

It was meeting for the open source contributor's prize selection committee.  It happens every year, but I it's always tough.  The policy seems to be that we evaluate businesses that contribute to open source software, but don't evaluate indivudual developers.

This happens every year too, but sentimentally, 4 people started to cry when they were not just runner ups.  Someone from the first nominated team refused the prize, so we gave it to the runner ups, but this wasn't made public.

PS.

Here is the announcement
http://www.ipa.go.jp/about/press/20081017-2.html



*Embedded Technology (conference)
*Information-technology Promotion Agency

2008-10-13

Title- Finished my manuscript
I could not sleep all night(maybe because I had a nap). I got up in the middle of the night to write my manuscript.
I didn't sleep at all but I finished it.  Submitted.

Title-Vogel Park*
I took the to youngest kids to Vogel Park.  These two always fight, but today they got along great.

My older daughter wanted to feed the birds, but when they got close she got scared and cried.

It was okay when we threw the feed to the birds at the pond.  We also got to throw a fish to a pelican.

Lastly, they said that they wanted to try feeding the emus, but they were full.  So when we threw the feed, they totally ignored it.

Then we saw an owl show, had some ice cream, and went home.

It was fun, but wore me out. 


*Matsue Vogel Park is a flower/bird garden- http://www.vogel.jp/English/index2.html


2008-10-12

Church Meeting

I went to Yonago to watch the satellite transmition of the church meeting that is held twice a year.  It was also good to see my family.

But in the middle of it, I was pretty tired from writing my manuscript, so I started to doze off.

I was really looking forward to it to.  Some time after, I thought that I could read it, but when I saw it with my own eyes, it was hard to say that I was moved, and it took so much time to finish.

That said, I have tons of DVDs that I want to watch, but I don't have two hours to spare.


Contemplation

My wife and I had a confrontation with our daughter.

No matter how hard you try, it can be really hard to relate to kids when they're going through puberty.

When I was a kid, I was determined not to be the kind of adult that did not understand kids...

This was in Elementary School when I met an adult who couldn't tell the difference between Karmen Rider and Ultra Man.


2008-10-11 

2008-10-10

2008-10-9

2008-10-8

2008-10-7
I'm in AERA's latest issue



On the move

On the way to Fukuoka, I stopped at Miyazaki.  It's a little out of the way, but close.

I ate some cold soup for the first time.  I like things that are different, but I can't handle ginger and shiso.



2008-10-6

2008-10-1
U20 Pro-Con Workshop and Awards Ceremony

For that, I gave a speech in front of some young people, listened to some speeches, etc.

It was fun to talk to young people who had such high motivation.

After me, the cabinet minister, vice cabinet minister, and some other really celebrated people talked.  Then we had the awards ceremony and a get together.  The politicians raised the topic of the upcoming elections, but I guess in this season, it can't be helped.


Battery going dead

In any case, my battery seems to be going dead.  It's been acting a little weird for a while, a few days ago, it really took a turn for the worse.

It only charges up to about halfway, and when it's fully charged, it has less than 30 minutes.  Now, even connected to the power, it doesn't charge past 42%.

I mean, I realize that these aren't made to last forever, so it's sometimes hit or miss with them.  But when I messed with the charging level of the tp_smapi module, I feel like that is when it started to have problems.  So messing with it to try to extend the battery life has the opposite effect?  

So now I'm wondering if the calibrating the battery will do any good.

Either that, or I'm buying a new one.  But they're so painfully expensive...
 

  
