2009-1-13
Ruby Standards Conference

It's an overnight thing, but we don't do anything special at night.

For the sake of creating the draft of the Ruby standards, the WG committee chairman, Ikuo Nakata came all the way to Matsue to review the present form of the draft.

Not me so much, but some other members are really smart, so we have made a lot of progress.  That is to say, that aside from lunch, we've been quite a force.

However, something that I've thought of is that what we think of as standard Ruby might end up as might being a very different language.  Therefore, my feeling on getting the Ruby standard together is that the parts of it that are like boxes stacked in a corner leave me with a feeling like "ah... so glad to be done."

Sorry for that.

The standard is planned to be a subset of CRuby(MRI), so I think it should come close to the "Ruby Lite" that Dave Thomas is anticipates.     

2009-1-12
Shoveling Snow

Over the night we had about 10 MORE cm of snowfall.  It's been snowing for three strait days now.

Thanks to shoveling snow, my muscles are tired, and my back is aching.  Am I that old...?

I also might have caught a cold, as my voice seems lower.  So now they started saying things like "You sound like a giraffe-man*," and "You sound weird, so you should probably just be quiet."  

Sniff.

For lunch I had Okonomiyaki(+takoyaki).  It was yummy.

*Translation Note: Kirin might refer to the beer instead of giraffe.  I could make a case for either resulting in a deeper voice.


2009-1-10
Tons of snow

Just when I was thinking it got colder, we got a lot of snow.

So I had to shovel.  The house is on top of a hill, so if I don't shovel the snow, I can't get the car in and out.

That wore me out.

2009-1-08
Breakfast

The kids started school today.

I overslept, so we didn't get to eat breakfast together.  Too bad.


Dinosaur Movie

My wife told my daughter that when her older brother goes home, let's watch the dinosaur movie.

But the "dinosaur movie" I borrowed from the video store is like Jurassic Park.  Won't that make the kid cry?  


2009-1-07
Meeting the Governer

I am going to meet with Governer Mizoguchi of Shimane Prefecture to report on last year's activities of the Ruby Association.

We are also discussing what role the prefectural office could have in Ruby's development.


2009-1-02
The Errand 

I was asked to go on an errand to buy some gyoza from the store.  But both shops in my neighborhood were on closed for New Year's.

So, against my better judgement, I made the gyoza with ingredients I had on hand.

I'm reflecting on it now.

But, I guess it was edible.  
