2008-11-28
New Keyboard

The keyboard arrived that I (unfortunately) won at an auction.

The explanation of the exchange policy on the Lenovo site was simple.  The keyboard would be returned in good condition, even for a minor problem.

But as far as the price, well, that's a mystery :(
  

2008-11-24
Spacebar

The X61's keyboard had junk in it, but when I cleaned it, the spacebar got disconnected.  I can't put it back the way it was.  I can solve a lot of problems and puzzles, but I am being bested by this spacebar.

What should I do?  Should I get the keyboard exchanged?


2008-11-23
What day is it today? (Title of book-きょうはなんのひ？)

Akiko Hayashi is the illustrator of some of my favorite picture books.  Teiji Seta has translated the Lord of the Rings, as well as writing children's books.

This story is about kids making a scavenger hunt for their parents.  Basically, they write hints on pieces of paper of where the next place a piece of paper will be hidden.  It is the parents' tenth wedding anniversary.  And this is the kids' way of celebrating.

When my oldest was little, she really liked this story, so we bought it for her on her birthday.  It was a little rough, because she did not find it as entertaining as we thought she would.

However, she really grew up, so she started to understand the point of the book.

Today my wife and I had our 17th wedding anniversary.  After dinner, my kids said "Do you know?  Do you know? Check the third stair." which is a quote from the book.  And when we checked the third stair, there was a clue on it. 

We went all around the house finding the clues.  When we followed the last clue, we found our second oldest daughter with a Mille-feuille that she had made.

I have no idea when she made it.

It was really touching.

I'm so happy that I got married.


2008-11-17
I got sick

I have chills.  I'm going to go home and get to bed early.


2008-11-15   
Things I should write about

It's hard to write my blog when I'm not into it.

I thought I'd just write the titles and leave it at that, so it's just titles.
-About the OSC-Joomla booth
-PND - PN100
-About all of the excellent sanyo things(ideas?) 
-RubyConf 2008 Conclusion
-The things that rails has taught me, the future of ruby


2008-11-12 
Fukuoka prefecture is taking applications for the Fukuoka big Ruby prize.

The people at the Fukuoka prefecture government office got in touch and paid a visit to the company.  

What to say about becoming the judging committee chairman.  Well, I wasn't at all reluctant to participate in the judging, but as chairman... wow.

Anyways, I did my best, but all of the other judges were so accomplished that they dwarfed me.  


2008-11-11 
Went back to Japan
-It was a uneventful trip going back.  It's good to be home.
-I hate business trips.

Difference
After being out of Japan for a week
-It got cold
-The sunrise comes later
-The sunset comes earlier
Seems like winter.


2008-11-09
I could not go to church.
I took a taxi to where the internet said that the closest church in the Buena Vista Ward was.  But it was not there.  There was a Sheraton hotel at that address.  I must have made some kind of mistake, but I do not know what.  What a shame.

Nice Try
(Matz's English)
At the QA session in RubyConf, when I stated "Nice Try" on Rubinius, everyone laughed loud. I was even shocked. I meant Rubinius to be a good attempt to reach ideal Ruby, but not there yet.

How sad to be a non native speaker.

